[James Huddle](/jameshuddle) · 542nd in this Competition · Posted 3 months ago
arrow_drop_up0
  * notifications
  * create_new_folder
  * bookmark_border
  * format_quote
  * link

### The Magic Bus
It's hard to come up with a good analogue of what is being asked, here. It's
AGI. But not quite. It's just enough AGI to clear some kind of hurdle. But can
you code "part of" a solution? Surely an entity like AGI would have to be
considered as a whole. Like you can't really code 1/2 of a for-loop. At some
point, you gotta put a "whole" something out there. For lack of a better
analogy, I will call it a bus. 1/2 of a bus is worthless. You may not need the
windmill attached to the top of the bus, but the parts that meet the
requirement (in this case, AGI), all of those parts are required. The whole
bus. That is the analogue that I will use to explain my approach to this
"challenge!"
comment


## 2 Comments


### [G John Rao](/jaejohn)
arrow_drop_up0
  * format_quote
  * link
What if there is no bus at all? I see this challenge as a step towards
improving the current capabilities. It's an open fact, LLMs suck at reasoning.
But what is reasoning for an LLM? Or rather in problem solving? Does it all
comes down to pattern recognition? Or there's more to it? We'll find that out
soon


### [James Huddle](/jameshuddle)
arrow_drop_up1
  * format_quote
  * link
Nice. LLMs were developed for pattern recog. If you can recognize a pattern,
you can make a prediction. All the current hype is sprouting from those two
main concepts. And when you just take data from the internet, I won't get into
it. I think ARC is incredible. It's like the crack of a home run being hit out
of the field after an extra sleepy 2 hours of summer sun. I plan to ace this
exam.  
…"no bus at all…"
